[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There's no branch of medicine
that exists where a dead organ
is left in, except in dentistry
where a root canal is left in.
If a guy's got a
gangrenous toe, you
gotta cut the toe off because
it's bacterial infested.
And it's toxic.
And it's going to
kill the patient.
If you think that
you can get away
with an infected,
toxic tooth, and not
have a systemic consequence, I
think you're deluding yourself.
>> This is the day my
whole life went to shit.
And I didn't even know it.
This is called schoolies week.
Every year, thousands
of high school graduates
spend a week getting royally
wasted in a celebration
to the exquisite end of
their high school education.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
That's me, on the left, on
my way to another party.
>> Shut up.
Shut up.
I said to shut up.
Every single time you do this.
>> And this is the guy I
was unlucky enough to get
in a fight.
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you all right?
>> Piss off.
>> Oh, mate, back up.
Settle down.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I had no idea that the punch
that shattered my teeth
was the punch that
would shatter my world.
Here come those
seven little words.
>> You're going to
need a root canal.
>> Now, if you've never
seen one done before,
brace yourself because
this is a root canal.
[GRINDING]
They drill into your
tooth, extract the root,
fill it with gutta-percha,
and you're on your merry way.
Things have a funny way
of catching up with you.
One moment you're enjoying
your holiday in Thailand,
then your heart starts pounding.
Your breath gets shorter.
Your vision narrows.
You really think
you're going to die.
Then you find out it
was just a panic attack.
>> OK, well, we might start you
off on a course of [? Lexam, ?]
10 milligrams.
It's an SSRI.
There could be a
few side effects.
But they're nothing to
concern yourself with, OK.
>> I quickly realized that the
doctors treating my chronic
illness were
clutching at straws.
I read the side
effects of everything
they kept prescribing me,
fatigue, nausea, dizziness,
agitation, weight
gain, and impotence.
When I said that my
life went to shit,
I'm really not exaggerating.
Panic attacks gave way
to chronic fatigue.
I was a wreck, a
total loss cause.
12 hours of sleep felt like one.
I'd get out of bed every morning
thinking, will this ever end?
Why did I feel so tired,
so run down, so anxious,
and so confused?
But I kept following that
old saying, grin and bear it.
I'd walk like a zombie
to the bathroom,
staring into the
mirror, just like this.
And ask myself the
same old question,
what is wrong with me?
But I'd still smile because
that's what we do, right.
We smile.
We ignore the truth that's
right in front of us.
We move on.
We smile.
Smile though your
heart is aching.
Smile when your
heart is breaking.
We grit our teeth and we smile.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I did the only thing that
I thought I could do.
I went searching for answers.
First come blood tests,
then more blood tests,
perhaps your
hypoglycemic blood tests.
Then comes the naturopath.
And you find yourself taking
supplement, after supplement,
after supplement.
Get fed up with it.
Burn your $100 bills all
for some expensive urine.
Then you tap yourself silly
with some EFT or a TFT.
Personally, I think
sleep apnea is the key.
Then you start seeing
spiritual healers
and doing spiritual courses,
get your chakras balanced
from your toe to your head.
And why not get your aura read?
Tried some reflexology,
iridology, kinesiology,
psychology, and you better
learn about endocrinology.
Have Chinese herbs, get
cuffing, crazy suction.
Why not have a go
at moxibustion?
Hit me with shiatsu
whilst I find a new guru.
Yeah, I tried NLP,
walked the firewall.
[SHOUTING]
Did my daily
affirmations, and don't
forget the visualizations.
Wear lots of crystals.
Hang upside down.
Tried all forms of
bioresonance going round.
From biocom to Saito and
anything using sound.
I saw a psychic or 10, and
their den helped with my zen.
>> That represents
mental health.
>> Get a chiropractor.
Find a homeopath.
Get your meridians balanced.
Have kahuna.
[WHISTLING]
I even juiced for 10 days
straight, from wake-up
until late.
Yeah, nothing but juice
for 10 days straight.
Eat only organic.
Increase your macrobiotics.
Did a parasite cleanse,
intestine cleanse,
so many beta cleanses,
over a dozen coffee enemas.
[GURGLING]
I tried cold showers, then
graduated to ice baths.
I relived past lives
with hypnotic regression,
hell of a session, made
inroads with the healing codes,
then the kneeling codes.
I screamed and punched pillows,
read a truckload of books,
and I even tried a wee
bit of medical marijuana.
[WHOOSH]
Did shamanic de-armoring.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This was actually amazing.
Did retreat after
retreat after retreat.
That was a treat.
Did color therapy,
aromatherapy, hypnotherapy.
I've even tried urotherapy.
Ah, you need shilajit.
[STIRRING]
Man, I tried all sorts of shit.
Tried anything new
age self-improvement.
God bless by gurus and
joined the oneness movement.
Got my feet grounded,
and don't get me
started on pyramid
marketing products
that I bought that
were meant to cure me.
I even tried kambo.
Kambo, what's that, you ask?
Well, kambo is a
rare Amazonian frog
the shamans used to poison
your skin to purge your toxins.
They burn it into your
skin, you pass out
and vomit for 20 minutes.
You may think that
I'm joking, but I've
got the scars to prove it.
And funnily enough,
these are all the things
that I've tried that
actually helped.
[WATER RUSHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
But everyday, I'd still get up
tired, anxious, and confused.
I started to think that
maybe I was beyond help.
>> What if I could tell you that
98% of women that have breast
cancer have a root canal
tooth on the same side
as their offending
breast cancer?
>> What if I told you that
the biggest toxic influence
in the body in a chronically ill
person is a root canal tooth?
>> What if I could tell you
that the leading authority
in cardiovascular prevention,
which is BaleDoneen,
does not condone root
canals in your mouth
because of the bacteria?
>> All of the people that come
to see me with chronic illness,
the question is how many of
them have a dental etiology
to the cause of their illness,
I would say almost all of them.
>> The vast majority of chronic
degenerative diseases begin
with problems in the mouth,
infections and toxins.
And it's only until
those are addressed
that you're going to get
any clear positive response
with your disease.
>> I had a gal come in here
who was early 40s, very fit,
very nutrition-conscious.
And she came in here because she
had severe, horrible back pain.
In fact, the first day
that she walked in,
she had a four-pronged
cane, bent over,
and she was on full
narcotics around the clock
for her chronic pain.
And she sat down,
and she wanted me
to do some injections
on her back
to help her alleviate the pain.
And I said, I'm
happy to do that,
but let me just dig a
little bit about what
could have happened to you.
And she said, well,
I got back pain.
I went to an orthopedist.
The orthopedist said--
he did an MRI on my back.
He said I had a herniated
disc, did surgery
on me to remove the disc.
About six weeks
later, I was worse.
The orthopedic surgeon
did another MRI on me.
He said the disc had moved
more, that I needed to have
a laminectomy at two levels.
And he took me in, and he did
a laminectomy at L4 and L5.
Laminectomy means the back
half of the bones on the spine
are pulled off so that there's
more room for the discs
and more room for the nerves.
At which point I saw
her, and she was worse.
And what came up
on the examination
that I did, that she had some
inflammation in her jaw bone.
I said, did you
have any dental work
done prior to this back pain?
And she said, well, come
to think of it, I did.
I had an infected tooth.
I had a root canal done.
The root canal failed.
I had another redo
of the root canal.
It also failed.
I had the root
canal tooth pulled,
and I had a graft
put in there, and I
had an implant put in there.
So I said, let's do an
experiment in the office.
I can inject a local
anesthetic on that tooth.
If your back pain is
related to that tooth,
and I block the nerve
coming from that tooth,
it may make your back
pain feel better.
And that may be the
reason for your pain,
because after two
failed surgeries,
another one, the chances of
it working aren't very good.
So she said, I'm in.
So I took some local anesthetic,
and I injected her tooth,
and I waited about 15 minutes.
And when I came
back into the room,
she was standing
up going like this.
I said, how does it feel?
She says, it feels 90% gone.
I said, and probably this
is linked to that tooth.
I just want to make sure.
You come back in three days,
we're going to do this again.
I want to make sure that
this just isn't a relief
reaction, sort of a mental--
this is all psychosomatic,
and it's gone.
We did it again, and
she said, it's gone.
I'm going back to
the oral surgeon
and I'm going to have him
take the darn implant out.
Within a couple of
weeks, her back pain,
except for what was leftover
surgical trauma, was gone.
>> A root canal procedure
is still a very,
very popular thing in dentistry
because no one wants to lose
a tooth.
But more and more,
people are beginning
to realize even from the current
day modern and very traditional
literature that it's impossible
to sterilize a root canal
system.
>> Most conventional dentists
believe there's no problem with
them, but I personally
couldn't disagree more.
I think that they're are
hidden source of toxicity
for almost anyone.
>> The reason that root canals
have an inherent problem is
that because we know that
nowhere else in the body can we
leave dead tissue.
Anywhere else in the
body-- your appendix dies,
you have dead
tissue that doesn't
heal in any other
area of the body,
we know we have to
remove that because it's
a haven for bacteria, and it's
not compatible with health.
And the same is true in a tooth.
A tooth is a living structure.
It has a blood supply.
It has a nerve supply.
And so when a tooth
dies or becomes infected
and we decide to go in
and do a root canal,
even the best endodontist,
a root canal specialist,
can do a great job at cleaning
out the main canal of any
of the teeth.
But what they can't
get to are all
of these thousands of tubules.
You can see if you cut a tooth
in half or under a microscope,
can see these thousands
of tubules that run out
in every different direction
at all sorts of angles
off from the main canal.
>> Those microtubules are big
enough for bacteria to fit
in, but not much else.
And the problem is if you've
got six to eight miles
of microtubules in a single
tooth, it's impossible.
You can see why it's impossible
to sterilize that tooth.
>> So after the root canal has
been performed, unfortunately,
bacteria still reside
within the tooth.
And now, you have this
nice, warm, incubated tooth
where the bacteria
are able to flourish.
And now, there is no access from
the patient's own immune system
to the tooth, because in the
process of doing the root canal
treatment, the blood
supply and the nerve
have been severed
from that tooth.
So now, the body can't deliver
its own immune defenses
to help keep the
infection in check.
>> 70% to 90% of all medical
problems actually originate
in the mouth.
Conventional dentistry
still has a focus
on the mechanistic
Newtonian mentality,
that the teeth are not connected
to the rest of the body.
I mean, embryologically,
the teeth
developed from the
same tissues that
gives rise to your sympathetic
and the parasympathetic nervous
system.
The blood supply in
the mouth literally
will take any toxins
via the lymphatic system
and take it down to the
thyroid, the thymus, the heart,
and the rest of the body.
So there is a direct connection.
>> The teeth is not just
like a stone in the mouth.
It is extremely
densely connected.
The pulp is extremely densely
connected to the lymph system,
to the autonomic nervous system.
More than any other
organs, it's connected
to the afferents, the sensitive
nerves to the brain directly
and to all the region's systems.
>> Every tooth connects
up energetically through
the meridian system to
certain organs and glands.
So for example, on the
upper side of the jaw,
the last two molars
and this bicuspid
actually connect
up energetically
to the left breast.
And on this side, it's
to the right breast.
And 95% of the time, women
who have breast cancer who
undergo a thermographic
study will
be found to have hot spots
in the jaw on the same side
as that malignant breast.
>> 97% of our breast cancer
patients in an age between 30
and 70, we tested
all these patients.
They had a root canal or a
toxic situation in the teeth.
>> The discussion of the
energetic relationship
of the teeth to the rest of
the body is very interesting.
Every tooth lies a specific
acupuncture meridian
and relates to certain
organs, and tissues,
and vertebrae,
and muscle groups.
And so very often, you
see a direct relationship.
For instance, there
was a 19-year-old girl.
Her first year in
college, she had
a root canal on a front tooth.
That front tooth relates to
the kidney and the bladder.
She started to have bladder
infections and kidney
infections.
She tried every treatment
known, and she was constantly
going on antibiotics,
and nothing helped.
When she came to me, when
I tested that root canal,
I saw the direct relationship
, and told the mother--
and it was very hard, because
here you are a 19-year-old girl
and it was her front tooth.
But I said, I
think in this case,
really, the thing needs to be
done is to remove that tooth.
Well, they didn't
want to hear that,
so they went and tried
other treatments.
And then about
three months later,
still suffering from
chronic kidney problems
and urinary bladder problems,
she took the tooth out,
and that was the
end of the problem.
>> I remember years ago
having a physician say,
I just can't buy into this
concept of this electricity
going through these meridians.
I've never seen a meridian
in all the cadaver
labs I've ever been in.
And I said, OK, when you can
do an EKG on your cadaver,
I'll be able to
show you a meridian,
because you can't find it
when the person's dead.
When you're looking at doing
an EEG, or an EMG, or an EKG,
we're looking at the electricity
going through the body,
and that is
completely mainstream.
Each tooth actually lies
on a different meridian.
So those energy pathways
that we discussed, they
go through particular areas.
So if we're looking
at the wisdom teeth,
we're talking about a small
intestine and a heart.
As we move forward down the
top and we have these molars,
then we're looking at breast,
we're looking at thyroid.
On this side, we're
looking at pancreas.
looking at spleen.
Then we move forward
to the bicuspids,
and they're lung
and large intestine.
We go to the eye
teeth, and it's called
an eye tooth for a
reason, because it's
connected to your eye.
It's also connected to the
liver and to the gallbladder.
And then these four front
teeth top and bottom
are connected to the urinary
tract, to the anal canal,
to the adrenals,
to the pituitary,
to your kidney,
everything that's
related to that urinary tract.
I use a piece of equipment
that was originally
called EAV, electro
acupuncture according to Voll.
I put electricity into
the body, and then you
gather data from that.
So when I'm testing
teeth, I actually
have the person holding
a bar in their hand.
And that bar is the
collection point.
And they touch a tooth and
put it in the circuitry.
And then I introduce,
by touching
on a particular
acupuncture point,
I introduce the
electricity into the body
to see if it can go all the
way through that meridian.
And you start seeing where
electricity is being blocked.
And now, you start asking
questions about the person's
health, and they go, wow.
How did you know that?
I didn't even tell you that
I was having problems there.
Because when the electricity
can't get through,
it compromises that meridian.
>> Many people have trouble
getting their mind around
the fact that their teeth
are making them sick.
But let me just tell you
that a year or so ago,
we looked at the last 60 cancer
patients that we had seen.
And 96% of them had
an infected tooth
in the same power supply serving
as their primary cancer, 96%.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I know this might
sound really funny to you,
but I've always wanted
to learn how to surf.
The sun, the spray, that
feeling of conquering a force
beyond your control.
Maybe that's symbolic.
Because after all my
trials and tribulations,
I still felt like I'd just
drawn a bad lottery number.
You know you're sick
when you can miraculously
attract a gorgeous girl.
You're punching way
above your weight,
and you can't get it up.
And I know every
guy will say this,
but it hasn't happened before.
Suffice to say, she
left pretty soon after.
How was this journey
going to end?
Would I reach the top of the
mountain, conquering everything
that came before me?
Would it be the death of me?
I obsessed over these
questions and everything else.
Even friends and family,
they became less important.
>> What is wrong with you?
>> You're such a hypochondriac.
>> Why is he such a hermit?
>> Toughen up and
get on with it.
>> I think he has depression,
depression, depression.
>> Why is he so anxious?
>> It's all in his head.
>> I felt truly empty inside.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Nobody who has an abscess in
the body would suggest ignoring
it, and the same with
dental abscesses.
The problem is that they're
frequently asymptomatic.
Most people who come to see
me who have root canals,
they turn out to be infected.
But they're not coming
with a sore tooth.
Nobody comes to see
me with a sore tooth.
They come with their arthritis,
their fatigue, their cancer,
their heart disease.
And it turns out when I get a
scan done of the root canal,
that there's bone being absorbed
because of chronic infection
of the tooth.
>> Conventional dentistry
believes that you should save
a tooth at all costs.
And if the patient
dies, well, that
was the price of
saving the tooth--
they don't really
come with the concept
that you should take things
that are dead out of the body.
>> It was shocking to me because
I had family members who had
root canal treated teeth,
and I had done root canals,
because I was never taught to
question if residual infection
was having any kind of negative
implication on the overall
health of the patient.
>> Probably the earliest
research on root canal treated
teeth that clearly demonstrated
how toxic they were all
of the time was the work
of Dr. Weston Price.
>> Dr. Weston Price, who did
25 years of research on root
canals, found that they could
cause almost anything from
mental disease, to heart
disease, to arthritis.
>> So when Weston Price started
doing root canals on his
patients, he found that a lot
of them were getting sick.
And so he started
doing some research.
He'd take out the tooth.
He would sterilize the tooth
on the outside, making sure
that there was nothing
as far as bacteria,
slip it under the skin of
a rabbit, and found out
that the rabbit had whatever
disease the patient had.
>> Who, let's say, had heart
disease, kidney disease,
arthritis, neurologic
disease, you name it.
And even more amazingly, he
would take that same tooth
and successively put it
underneath the skin of 20, 30,
50 consecutive
rabbits, and they all
developed the same
medical syndrome
as the original person
who supplied that tooth.
>> So there was a direct
connection between
the pathogens of
these dead teeth,
the galvanic currents
between the different metals
in the mouth.
A perfect example, we had
a patient with emphysema
on steroids for over a year.
I tracked it down to a strep
infection in the jaw bone
where he had a tooth
removed 15 years prior.
Once I got rid of the strep
infection in the jaw bone,
his emphysema
totally disappeared.
So the mouth is the
toxic waste dump
that's impacting on
the rest of the body.
>> Now, Dr. Price was a dentist,
and root canals had become
posh.
Originally if you
were a poor person
and you couldn't
afford dentistry,
then your teeth
would be taken out.
So when someone had money,
and they went to the dentist
and said, gosh, I've just
kind of been neglectful.
I haven't gotten in.
I want to know if there's a
way you can save my tooth,
because if I open
and laugh, people
are going to think I'm poor,
because I don't have my teeth.
So it was actually more patient
driven that dentistry start
taxiderming teeth to keep
them in someone's mouth,
and then put a nice
shiny gold crown on
there so that when
they laughed, everybody
thought they had money, because
you saw these gold teeth then.
>> Unfortunately, the dental
schools look at the mouth
as being a mannequin, and
that you can do any type
of procedure without any direct
impact on the rest of the body.
But this is the farthest
thing from the truth.
>> Data we've just recently
gotten shows now that
the number one cause of heart
attack is a root canal treated
tooth.
Plain and simple--
not correlation, not
link, cause and effect.
>> If you take a course
through BaleDoneen,
and they're the leaders
in cardiovascular event
prevention, they will tell you
they will not condone having
a root canal in your mouth
because that bacteria causes
through your body, and that
bacteria is known to affect
cardiovascular disease.
>> My pet peeve as a
cardiologist right now is that
so many family practitioners,
internal medicine
practitioners, cardiologists,
my fellow cardiologists,
see a patient that
has a heart attack,
and they find the
cholesterol is OK.
The lipids are OK.
There's no high blood pressure.
There's no risk factors.
And they might not use these
words with the patients,
but you're going to
tell you and they think,
that patient just had bad luck.
>> Most of these things aren't
genetic problems, you know?
This person for the first 25 or
50 years of their life was OK.
Now, they're not.
This isn't your genes.
This is your body's toxic.
And if we can
restore those things,
you can get your health
back, and your energy back,
and you can have a fun life.
>> I like word pictures.
So we're going to
use this scenario
of I'm driving my
car down the road,
and I see my oil
light has come on.
Well, I could get a hammer
and smash the oil light,
and that would take care of
the problem, wouldn't it?
No it wouldn't, because
it's a sign or a symptom
that something is going on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What I like to do
is look deeper down
and find the particular
burden or the root cause.
And no pun intended,
because most
of the time it's
a tooth problem.
[WHOOSH]
[PANTING]
[WATER RUSHING]
[BEEPING]
>> And so the sun
rose on another day.
I walked to the
bathroom as usual.
I asked myself
that same question.
What is wrong with me?
And as usual, I was on my
way to yet another test,
another healing modality.
Using a device called
a Lecher Antenna,
the information
from your blood is
tested against the
variety of things
that can make people sick.
And the antenna swings
if the answer is yes.
>> Is it emotional?
No.
Is it a parasite?
Is it heavy metals?
No.
Is it dental?
Yes.
Is it a mercury filling?
No.
Is it an infected root canal?
You have an infected root canal.
>> Strange science aside, this
was the first time anyone had
told me my chronic fatigue
was because of a tooth.
It seemed bizarre until I
really did some research.
My quest started with books.
>> The basic problem with a
root canal is it's what I call
a fatally flawed procedure.
Fatally flawed in
terms of the fact
that the reason a
root canal is done
is you come to the
dentist with pain.
A tooth hurts.
You want to get rid of
the pain, naturally.
The problem is in
taking out the pain,
the dentist takes out the nerve,
the pulp, and the blood supply,
and the connective tissue.
Basically, if you
will, the tooth
undergoes a process of taxidermy
while it's still in your mouth.
>> That tooth is dead.
There's no feeling in
it, so there's no pain.
But there's an abscess.
There's an infection
there that's active.
And if you put probes
in there and measure it,
you will get biotoxins that
are among the severest that
exist in nature.
>> The wisdom poured in
from podcasts, YouTube,
Skype sessions, articles, I
digested everything I heard.
>> Root canal treated teeth can
be a silent type of infection.
I've taken out numerous root
canal treated teeth that looked
completely fine on the X-ray.
And yet after we
took that tooth out
and cleaned out that
socket, we would
find a large area of dead
bone, or an actual cyst,
or even actual pus and
infection in there.
>> And then I discovered the
father of biological dentistry,
Hal Huggins.
>> I mean, if you've
got a ruptured appendix,
are you going to fill it with
wax and put a gold crown on it?
You've got the same
bacteria there,
only the ones in the
mouth may be worse.
The question is, do all root
canal ts have to be removed?
The answer is no.
Only in those people who are
interested in their health.
>> But something
didn't quite add up.
If root canal treated teeth
were this much of a problem,
why didn't more
people know about it?
>> About 95% of dentists have
X-ray equipment in their office
which is only two-dimensional,
which means when they take
the X-ray from here, they
can only see width and height
on the tooth.
They can't see depth.
And you might take a picture
of a root canal tooth,
and it looks fine.
But if you do another kind of
X-ray-- it's called cone beam.
It's almost like a cat scan--
where you can get a
three-dimensional view
of that tooth, we very commonly
find that these root canal
teeth are abscessed,
and there is
an abscess sitting
around the tooth that
isn't visible on the 2D X-ray.
>> We were doing our
training, and I had a patient.
I had taken a cone
beam on, and she
was struggling with
some emotional problems,
and chronic fatigue, and
just a lot of things.
And we were reviewing her cone
beam with the technician, not
a biological dentist.
Like, this as a technician
from the company.
And I said, well,
OK, let's just go
to each one of the
root canal treated
teeth and kind of
flip this image
and see if we see any pathology.
And so as we're flipping
through, he's like, oh, man.
These look terrible.
There's a cyst here,
and there's a cyst here.
>> I see root canals all the
time look great on an X-ray,
but they do not test well.
They're a real problem
for the individual.
>> Every root canal tooth
contains dead tissue.
And dead tissue is a
haven for bacteria.
>> We analyzed 87 very well-done
root canal treated teeth,
many of them by endodontists and
many more by general dentists.
And what we found
was that regardless
of how well the root
canal was performed,
by far the vast majority had
a higher degree of toxicity.
There was not one of those
87 that was non-toxic.
The toxins are oftentimes
the waste material
from the bacteria.
They can be also just
portions, for example,
of the cell wall of a bacteria.
But oftentimes, they're the
waste material of the bacteria.
>> Perhaps one of the
world's leading authorities
on biological toxins is
Boyd Haley at the University
of Kentucky.
What Dr. Haley
found and published
is that the toxins
from a root canal tooth
are equal in toxicity
to the standard
by which all biological
toxins are majored,
namely hydrogen sulfide.
He also found that the toxins
from a root canal tooth
are equal in toxicity
to botulism poisoning.
As you know, that's one of the
worst that we know about here.
>> All root canals are
infected without any exception.
There was a big study done by
an American holistic dentist
society.
Very officially, they tested
30,000, three-zero thousand--
root canals extracted
over the years,
and they were all infected
without any exception.
>> There used to be a laboratory
at the University of Kentucky.
It was called Affinity
Labeling Technologies.
It was a laboratory
from Dr. Boyd
Haley, who was the chairman
of the department of chemistry
there.
And he set up a lab test
where you could stick a cotton
pledget-- it was sort
of a hard cotton thing--
underneath a tooth that
you suspected as being bad,
and you shoved it underneath
the gum, pulled it out,
and then you'd have
a sample of fluid.
And the samples would
go their laboratory,
and what they would
do is a bioassay
to find was there
toxic material coming
from the root of the tooth?
And this laboratory
doesn't exist anymore.
But I have an old
report from a patient.
This was a patient
with chronic fatigue.
He came to me.
When I examined him
I thought, gee, I
think your problem is a
toxic root canal tooth.
Go to the dentist.
Have this test done.
He went and had the
test done, and these
are the results of the test.
Now, what the test
looks at is these
are six enzymes which
are part of what's
called the Krebs cycle.
These are the energy
producing part of the cell.
And these enzymes are able
to take a sugar molecule
and get the energy out of it.
If these enzymes are
blocked, then that cell
can't make energy.
And what bio toxins do is
they block these enzymes
from working.
So what they did
is took the stuff
from the tooth, the bad
tooth and the good tooth,
and they incubated it
with these enzymes.
And they have a
measurement system
where they say, how bad
was that enzyme blocked?
And on this particular
patient, the average
was 93% inhibition, which
is blocking of that enzyme.
And by coordinating with
dentists around the country,
over 5,000 extracted root canal
treated teeth were submitted
to Dr. Haley for testing.
100% of them were toxic.
And just to make sure this
wasn't something they just
had to do with the
tooth or the mouth,
they also submitted some
teeth that were extracted
for orthodontic purposes.
In other words,
normal teeth, but they
needed to let the
other teeth grow in.
None of these teeth inhibited
any of these enzymes.
This was finally
the smoking gun.
This was cause and effect that
the root canal simply cannot be
sterilized inside the mouth.
It cannot be put into a
situation where the infection
inside the root canal
could ever be resolved.
>> And it's not sensed locally
because the tooth when you root
canal it, you disconnect from
the nerve so that it's no more
sensitivity, so the patient
can't feel the toxic effect,
can't feel this.
>> And one of the amazing
things is when people come
into the office and I say, I'm
going to tell you what's going
on with you.
You have insomnia.
You have trouble
with your memory.
You can't deal with stress.
You can't deal with stimulus,
and I go down this list.
A lot of times they start
crying, because usually
I'm the first physician
who has described
to them without them telling me
what's going on in their life.
Because all the other physicians
they've seen have just said,
oh, that's all in your mind.
Here, take these antidepressants
and you'll be fine.
>> The root canal
specialists want to protect
their procedure, OK?
So they're going to
try to reassure people
as much as possible.
And I don't know
what their intent is.
I'm not trying to say they're
not interested in the health
and welfare of their patients.
But they truly believe the
root canal procedure is fine.
It does a good job.
And they don't believe that
it's chronically infected.
But the scientific evidence
takes this out of belief range,
OK?
Belief has nothing
to do with it.
It's-- science shows the root
canal is always infected,
and the only differentiation
is somewhere a little bit more
toxic and more infected
than the other ones.
[STATIC]
>> When I was a boy, I
used to run to his office.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The guys liked to kid
me, running to a dentist.
But he was some dentist.
His name was Dr. Brand.
And he always let me
come five minutes early
just so I could see his lab.
He let me touch things
and told me about them.
I used to get so
excited, I'd tell
Dr. Brand I was going to be
a dentist when I grew up.
And he'd pat my head
and say, fine, fine.
Only he never told me how
hard it was to become one.
When I was older, I learned.
He went to college
for eight years
and had to study dozens
of subjects-- not just
dental ones, but physiology,
and anatomy, and bacteriology.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I found out that in America,
about 25 million new root canal
procedures are done each year.
And while this did
alarm me, what it really
made me wonder was, why me?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Why didn't all these people have
root canal problems like I did?
>> So oftentimes I'm asked,
why would a root canal have
a systemic health impact
on one person and maybe not
on another?
And the reason is
is because we're all
susceptible to toxicities
in different ranges.
As you know, there
are some people
who can tolerate cigarette
smoking, for example,
for 60 or 70 years and have
no apparent ill effects.
And yet there are people who
can smoke for a year or two
and develop a carcinoma.
>> Everyone processes
toxins differently.
So there are some
patients who are
able to handle a root
canal treated tooth,
and their immune system
isn't overloaded by that.
Yet there are other
patients we find
who just one root canal
has a dramatic effect
on their immune system.
>> The practice that I have
is a very selective practice.
Most of the people we see
have chronic serious illness.
Now, probably in the
general population,
these aren't diagnosed
because the guy who's
seeing the patient
for high blood
pressure, for chronic back
pain, is not associating it
and he's not testing,
could this be
a dental issue that's referred?
>> So it's very important that
dentistry and medicine get
together.
It's important
that physicians are
as aware of the
importance of the mouth
as it is for the
dentist to realize
that some of the procedures
that he or she does in the mouth
severely and strongly impact
the health of the body.
>> Perfect example, we had a
patient referred to us who had
stage four throat cancer.
The bottom line was he
had two root canal teeth.
The radiographs looked pristine,
and a thousand dentists
that would view them would say,
these are absolutely normal.
The pathogens that were in
these two root canal teeth
were in his throat exactly
where the cancer was.
I extracted the two teeth.
We ozonated the jawbone,
homeopathics and ionic silver.
In three weeks, the
stage four throat cancer
was totally resolved, documented
with pet scans, blood tests,
and visual.
This is the impact of
toxic root canal teeth.
>> There was one relation
study between diseases and root
canals published in a very
prestigious oncology newspaper
in the United States which
showed that 90% of all
the prostate cancer, they
contained in its needs tissue
the cancerogenic bacteria
which come from root canal.
>> I felt bad because I
had done a lot of those,
and I actually had thought at
one point that that's what I
wanted to do the
rest of my life.
I thought, how can this be?
This is something that's
been going on for so long.
There's a whole
specialty around it.
But whenever colleagues
started presenting me
with different
pieces of research,
I obviously came
to the conclusion
that I did not want to do
root canal treatment anymore
personally.
I could not confidently
say that I was not
doing harm in some situations.
>> The bottom line is
when you do a root canal,
it cuts the flow of energy to
these different organs and can
affect them.
>> You can't get rid of an
infection unless you have
a viable immune system
with complete access to all
the parts that are infected.
And this is uniformly eliminated
when a root canal is done.
>> The analogy that I
like to use, in my office,
there is a sliding door.
You are on one side of the
door with the door closed,
and you have Christmas
lights in your hand.
You want to know if all
the lights light up.
I am on the other side
of the sliding door,
and I have an extension
cord plugged in ready to go.
But you and I are
hitting the door.
We can't connect.
There's no way.
So if someone comes by and they
start standing on the door,
how much of the
door has to be gone
before you and I can connect?
Not a thin piece of
balsa wood, all of it.
Once all of the door is
removed, then you and I
are able to make a connection,
just like the body does.
It totally reconnects, and
the electricity goes through.
>> After everything
that I'd uncovered,
I knew my teeth had to come out.
I saw a biological dentist,
and the first thing he spotted
was--
>> So it looks like you've
got some trauma to your front
tooth.
>> Yep, that punch in the mouth.
Why was I such a sucker
for a damsel in distress?
>> So let's have a
look at the X-ray here.
And all this discoloration
is where the infection is.
So we've got a deep
pocket infection up top,
and that's what's been
causing the health issues.
So we're going to extract
the root canal tooth.
And with a dental
bur, we're going
to remove the periodontal
ligament down to the bone.
And then we'll give you a
new tooth, a zirconian tooth.
And we'll bridge
it to either side.
So in the next three
or four months,
this will heal up
nicely and you'll
notice a dramatic increase
in your energy levels.
>> OK.
>> Any questions?
>> No.
>> All right, let's do this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Now, I don't want you to
think that as soon as you get
your tooth out, you'll wake
up with boundless energy.
The damage has been
done, so you have
to heal yourself and go through
those things like the parasite
cleanse, liver cleanse,
kidney cleanse, colon cleanse,
[RAPID SPEECH].
Intense journey.
But gradually, you start to
feel your health returning.
>> Now, it's important obviously
if you have a root canal,
and you're convinced of the
information I'm talking about
and the science behind
it, you want to get it out
of your body, you want to have
it stop negatively impacting
your health, well, you need to
find a dentist who knows what
he or she is doing, because
it involves more than a simple
extraction.
>> Removing the root canal
tooth is only the first step
in the solution.
Afterwards, we have to drain
the area from the bacteria,
because the jaw bones,
they are not like a stone.
They are sponges bones, and
the bacteria and the toxins
go into these bones, too.
This has to be drained
and treated, too.
>> And this is where I also
find ozone gas so indispensable,
because you can just punch
with a very tiny needle.
You go into the area, and
then you inject ozone gas.
And that gas will go
off into all the areas
off this main tunnel, all the
areas where we have infection.
It's really interesting,
because I've
had people where we've
injected down here,
and they'll feel the
gas travel all the way
over to the other side,
or they'll feel a travel
all the way up under the eye.
There is no way you're going
to do surgery and clean out
a whole person's jaw bone.
And it's interesting how as
treatment goes on with the gas,
they feel that that area
where it's going off into
is shrinking.
>> This jawbone area has a
very dense nerve network.
These nerves don't
relay, you know?
It's not like here
goes to the spinal cord
goes somewhere else.
These nerves go right into
the middle of the brain
where the regulation of
the nervous system occurs.
They're called cranial nerves.
This cranial nerve is the
biggest one in the body,
and it goes right into there.
And this is a very delicate
and protected area.
So if someone has a chronic
smoldering infection
with biotoxin in
this area, it can
affect the brain, the regulation
of the brain, their energy,
and lots of other things.
>> For example, we had
a woman with so-called
Hashimoto's disease,
an autoimmune problem,
and it was coming from a
cytomegalovirus from a third
molar extraction site in the
jawbone plus nickel ions from
an orthodontic retaining wire.
Once those two
substances were removed
from the thyroid
and the sources,
the Hashimoto's
totally disappeared.
So autoimmune problems
are there for a reason.
The body doesn't attack
itself for no reason.
There's something there
that's causing that reaction.
>> So the doctor has
to be alert to this,
because if he wants cures,
especially with cancer,
you've got to address these.
They're big stressors
on the body,
and they take a lot
of immune attention.
And if the immune
system's like, don't
let the toxin get into
the brain and kill me,
it's letting the cancer cells
go here, or men in the prostate,
or in the colon--
the big ones-- or in the lung.
These are the four big cancers.
>> Your chance for cancer
is significantly increased,
and it's just spreading out of
the ignorance of the so-called
specialists that they don't
want to accept this fact,
even though it's
absolutely clearly proven.
>> So in doing the
testing of the bacteria,
we found that there are in root
canals, 53 different bacteria.
28 of them are directly involved
with the health of the heart,
that they are known from
the scientific literature
to create certain
heart conditions.
Some of them specialize in
attacking the heart valve.
Many of them cause what's called
endocarditis, inflammation
of the vessels inside the heart.
>> And we now have studies from
the Journal of the American
dental association that show
that when you have one or more
root canals in your mouth,
statistically speaking,
you have a greater chance of
heart attack, plain and simple.
>> We know with increasing
evidence that the cause
of coronary artery
disease is inflammation
of the endothelial, the lining
of the blood vessel wall.
What we need to do in medicine
is work out what is inflaming
the wall of the artery?
Because ultimately what
the body does is the body
tries to seal off
the inflammation.
The body uses cholesterol.
It uses calcium to seal
off that inflammation.
You're getting what's called
a plaque, the same plaques
that we get on our
teeth, which is basically
bacteria covered by a
biofilm, then covered
by layer of calcium.
It's exactly what we're
seeing in coronary arteries.
So the trick is not
to try and get rid
of that cholesterol,
which is going there.
It's been put there by
the body to protect us
against the inflammation.
The trick is to try and
work out what is causing
the underlying inflammation.
Dental infections are a big part
of that because of the sending
of bacteria from the mouth
straight into the bloodstream
into the coronary arteries.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is a process that
can occur in a person,
and it can be undone if it's
done properly by a doctor who
knows what they're doing.
>> We do a test for all these
organic toxins where we can see
if the body is, so to say,
impregnated by these dental
toxins which come
from the root canals.
We can measure these.
We called them axonal hormones,
cancerogenic substances which
are organic molecules.
>> Once we have the basic
toxic source removed from
the patient, then things
like infrared sauna is good.
You'll sweat.
There's nutritional agents
that we can give you.
And we can tease these things
out of you and get them out.
Then, our basic
program is we find out
what nutrients they're missing,
and we give it back to them.
Some of it's oral supplements.
Some of it's done intravenously.
We do IV vitamin C. We
use pulse magnetic fields,
because in cells that
don't make energy,
those cells don't have
energy, and the membrane
around the cell can't control
very well what goes in and out.
If we put them in an environment
where there's a gentle pulse
magnetic field, it recharges
that cell membrane.
Now, that cell can
detoxify itself.
In over three to six months,
sometimes a little bit longer,
we can get these things out.
You can get your levels
down to where they're safer,
and then we can help
you restore your health.
>> I was starting to feel great,
so I went to an EAV machine
operator to make sure my
energy flow was on track.
But something was off.
I found I had another blockage,
this time in one of my wisdom
teeth.
I dug deeper and got
a cone beam scan.
I was told it was a cavitation,
something else you really
don't want.
Just my luck.
I had to get that
sorted out now as well.
Step one was actually finding
out what a cavitation is.
>> Cavitations are basically
residual infections
in the jawbone which result
from extraction of teeth.
If the extraction site
is not meticulously
curetted and
cleansed, the bacteria
just infiltrate into
that wound and live there
for the rest of the
life of the patient.
>> Every bone in your body
is connected to another bone
by way of a ligament.
Your tooth is connected
to your jaw bone
by way of what we call
a periodontal ligament.
>> If a tooth is properly
pulled, when the tooth is out,
the dentist will also
take out that ligament.
And if that ligament
is gone, that bone
will heal in so that
there is full bone,
and you have a restored jawbone.
But if the doctor
pulls that tooth
and doesn't take
out that ligament,
that space where that tooth
was may seal over on the top
and be a cavity.
>> So that periodontal
ligament staying in the socket,
it prevents communication from
the body being able to send
the osteoblast and the
osteoclast to that extraction
site and fill in
with healthy bone.
It becomes a barrier.
>> And it will be a place
where the body then will use
as a storage depot for junk,
toxic junk, bacteria, funguses.
And it won't hurt.
It may not be completely
visible on a regular X-ray,
but it is sitting there.
>> So the periodontal
ligament prevents healing.
One actual study on
the 5,000 cavitations
left after wisdom teeth were
removed, 4,999 had not healed.
Only one in 5,000 had healed.
>> The majority of people
in the United States
and in the developed countries
around the world that have had
extracted teeth for any
reason also have cavitations.
And what's inside that
hole is nothing different--
and this sounds disgusting, and
it sounds like an exaggeration,
but it's not.
It's the same as wet
infectious gangrene.
>> These cavitations
in the jaw bone,
they can create
significant diseases,
significant neurological
diseases like, for example, MS.
>> That cavitation can
occur from different things.
For instance, a person could
have a clotting disease,
or they could have had a
football injury, something
that made the bone
not be healthy
in that particular area.
The most common reason is
that the tooth was removed
and the periodontal
ligament was not taken out.
And therefore, that void of
where the tooth was never
did fill in appropriately
with healthy bone.
The second most common reason
is that that bacteria that's
in a root canal tooth
will find a microfracture
through that particular root
surface and kind of worm hole
through the bone
and create a void.
And so it's not uncommon
for a cavitation
to occur next to a root canal.
The most common spots
are the wisdom teeth.
>> The wisdom teeth are unique
in that there are four circuits
going through it
instead of just two.
It's heart, small intestine,
and the sympathetic and
parasympathetic systems.
And so you see people whose
adrenal glands are not working.
And it's because they have
infection where their wisdom
teeth were taken out.
Because you're going to
have infections in the bone
where your wisdom teeth
were taken off for 50 years,
and essentially
have no pain there,
but it completely
destroys your life.
When you don't have
enough adrenaline,
you have trouble going to sleep.
And then you have trouble
dealing with stress.
And then it gets to where
you can't stand any stimulus,
so you don't like loud music.
You don't like loud noises.
You can't be around
a rowdy crowd.
people who are arguing.
Now, what I just
described as a person
whose life's in the toilet.
>> For instance, I myself had
my wisdom teeth out when I was
in dental school.
About 30 years later, I
developed a heart arrhythmia.
And nothing seemed to help it.
I would take
intravenous vitamins.
I tried homeopathics.
Nothing was doing it.
Then all of a sudden,
I said, wait a minute.
Let me check see if
I have a cavitation.
That wisdom tooth which is on
the heart meridian, you see,
was causing the problem.
>> If you can get a good
normal 3D cone beam X-ray
of your jawbone, then you do
have a much higher reassurance
that you don't have this
cavitation process going
on inside the jawbone as well.
>> And if the
dentist unroofs that,
and scoops that stuff out, and
then removes that ligament,
and then that heals, that
patient can get well.
>> One of the questions
that we get is,
are there things I can do prior
to my procedure to increase
my ability to heal properly
from a surgical procedure like
a cavitation or from
a root canal removal?
One of the biggest
things that you can do
is to have proper nutrition,
be eating a clean diet,
be getting enough proteins and
enough vitamins and minerals.
>> When that tooth comes out,
you want to make sure that
the socket is cleaned
out really well.
You want to remove that
periodontal ligament.
If there's infection, you want
to get rid of the infection.
And then you let it heal.
I like to let the body fill it
in with its own natural bone.
You have to wait at least
three months for that.
You want to check it and
make sure that it did heal,
and you don't have cavitation.
But let's say it's healed.
How do you replace the tooth?
Well, you have
different options.
Of course, an option is
you don't replace it.
You leave it alone.
Another option is you can use
something removable, which
most people don't like.
It's not very comfortable.
The other option is you
could put a bridge in, where
you're bridging that space.
And there are two
types of bridges.
The traditional bridge,
which I don't like,
is where you have to
mutilate the teeth
on either side of that space
to hold the missing tooth.
And the problem with that is
when you mutilate those teeth,
you increase the odds that those
teeth could need a root canal
in the future.
So I prefer to use a
bonded type bridge,
where the abutment
teeth as they're called,
or the supporting teeth,
have minimal preparation,
and that holds
the missing tooth.
Now, the only downside
with that really
is that it periodically
will come loose and need
to be recemented.
>> Now, of course, the best
option is to take really good
care of our teeth and gums with
a comprehensive dental program
so we never need a root canal.
But let's say that
hasn't happened, like me
and a lot of other
people I know.
Let's say there was
trauma involved,
and you didn't get an option.
You can't really walk
around with no front teeth.
It's not very good for business.
Am I going to have
some sort of bridge?
some sort of implant?
>> An implant is where
you're going into the bone
and you're placing what
traditionally has been
a titanium implant.
Now, today, we have
also ceramic implants.
The advantages
and disadvantages,
well, titanium, the
problem is you're
putting a metal into the bone.
>> Titanium itself
is known as a hapten.
It means the ions
in the titanium
itself can trigger autoimmune.
So if you are genetically
predisposed to something
like Hashimoto's, celiacs,
scleroderma, lupus,
rheumatoid arthritis,
it might get turned on.
And even if that
implant is removed,
the trigger's
already been pulled.
So now, you've got problems
that you didn't have.
Plus, I've got metal
that is directly
going into my meridian system.
So it's like sticking a
spoon in an electric socket,
and bending it around, and
sticking it in the bottom part.
And it shorts out
the whole meridian.
>> What we're finding is
that many physicians that are
referring their patients here,
and also patients that are
doing their own research,
are desiring to have no metal
in their mouth.
They want to eliminate anything
that could create a current.
And that's why we now have
zirconia implants, which
it's more like a ceramic.
It's a complete
non-metal implant
that looks the same as a
titanium implant and functions
the same, but is considered
much more biocompatible
for the tissue and
for the patient.
>> And it interferes
with stability much,
much less than
titanium implants.
I do not say zirconia
implants are 100% good.
But they are much better,
tolerable to the body
than titanium implants are.
>> So good medicine
would include this,
and that's what we want to do.
We want just the best medicine.
We want to give people
things that don't hurt them
more than they help them.
>> Root canals are probably one
of the most pernicious, toxic,
hidden influences
on your health.
And if you're struggling to
understand why you're so sick
and you have
multiple root canals,
please examine that issue.
>> Now, I don't want you
to think that I had my head
in the clouds by saying that
the only reason I got chronic
fatigue was because
I had a root canal.
My search has led me to believe
that all chronic disease is
because of a toxic overload.
These toxins come
in various forms,
from as simple as toxic junk
food, to environmental toxins,
to toxic emotions.
>> We're all now learning
about the toxic effects
of electromagnetic
frequencies as well.
And we also can't
rule out pathogens.
What I can say is
that until I stopped
the source of mitotic root
canal by having it removed,
I could never get better,
no matter what I tried.
It really was the biggest piece
of the jigsaw puzzle, the root
cause, so to speak.
[WHOOSH]
[WHIPPING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So your dentist says
you need a root canal.
Apart from running for the
door, what are your options?
Firstly, if the tooth
needs to be removed,
make sure you see a
holistic dentist, one
who can remove the infection and
periodontal ligament properly.
Then once the tooth is removed
and the mouth is healed,
you have three good options.
Your first option is to get
a bonded ceramic bridge.
Your second option is to
get a zirconia implant.
Now, 99% of dentists will
recommend the titanium implant,
but that is just as
bad as a root canal.
So make sure your
implant is a zirconia.
Then your third option is a
good old-fashioned denture.
Keep smiling.
[SMOOCH]
>> I've been reading this book
about Gandhi he didn't have
a lot of tooth problems like me.
Rumor was he had dentures he
slipped in and out every night.
But his words were as
beautiful as his smile.
He said that even if
you're a minority of one,
the truth is still the truth.
>> Probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of 80% or 90%
of people are sick at least
in part, if not totally,
by an infected tooth.
>> This can be a
miracle for a patient.
This can be lifesaving
for a patient.
And I've got tons
of patients where
this was really their problem.
And when we addressed
this, then they
were actually able
to get better.
[LAUGHTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My mentor Dr. Hal Huggins
told me 20 years ago,
you can't dry off while
you're still in the shower.
And it's a simple but
profound statement.
You can't resolve
a problem if what
causes the problem is
continuing to shower in
while you're trying to
resolve the situation.
In today's medicine
and dentistry,
we have two important things
being done to our body,
but neither field
interacts with the other.
>> If doctors did more of this,
we could actually really help
a lot more people, get a
lot more people better,
and do what our profession
is supposed to do,
which is help to heal people up.
>> One in two of us will
die of heart disease.
One in two of us
will die of cancer.
We better have a
strategy for both.
Make sure you take really
good care of your oral hygiene
and have a program
in place to make
sure you minimize the amount
of pathogenic organisms
in our mouths leaking
to our bloodstream.
>> There's another great quote,
that new knowledge is never
immediately adopted.
Rather, the old
knowledge dies out
and the new takes its place.
So to each of you
who hear this, know
that the challenge of whether
this truth reaches the world
is up to you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Currently, we have roughly
25 million new root canal
procedures being done a
year in the United States.
One of the greatest public
health interventions
we could possibly do around the
world is to make it very clear
the important role that dental
infections and toxins have,
and hopefully someday to
make the root canal procedure
something of the
past, because it
does nothing positive for the
general health of the body
at all.
>> I'm just one guy,
and this is my truth.
That truth has set me free.
I feel that freedom
every day when I wake up.
It's in my joy, my
sorrow, my friendships.
Oh, and in case you're wondering
whether I can get it up,
there's no problem there.
Uh.
[CLEARS THROAT]
I got my life back.
So I didn't want my truth to
just be a minority of one.
I'm a filmmaker, and the
journey I've been on was epic.
So maybe it was meant to
happen to me after all.
>> (SINGING) Hey, love, I
wonder if they'll let us stay.
Wake up.
I want to see the
way it's meant to be.
Get out the city, head
down to the shore.
We'll save all our money.
We'll live like we're poor.
Get out the city, head
down to the shore.
We'll spend all our money.
We'll live like we want.
We can run, wild and free.
In the world of the open sea.
We got to give them what
they want now, honey.
We got to give them what they
want, our heart and soul.
We got to give them what
they want now, honey.
We got to give them what they
want, our heart and soul.
Get out the city, head
down to the shore.
We'll save all our money
and live like we're poor.
Get out the city, head
down to the shore.
We'll spend all our money,
and live like we want.
We got to give them what
they want now, honey.
We got to give them what they
want, our heart and soul.
We got to give them what
they want now, honey.
We got to give them what they
want, our heart and soul.
Get out the city, head
down to the shore.
We'll spend all our money.
We'll live like we want.
We got to give them what
they want now, honey.
We got to--
[MUSIC PLAYING]